Add technicians commitment (#326)
the-teachingRSE-project/competencies: competencies.md

Kay finds a position in the central RSE department at her university with a competitive \ac{IT} salary.
Although the contract is temporary, there is a good chance that it will lead to a permanent position.

> The university makes an effort to enable that since it is a member of "The Technicians Commitment"[@techniciancommitment], an initiative to ensure recognition and career development of technicians.

Reviewer: How about this? It puts it in context, without implying that RSEs are necessarily technicians.

```suggestion
The university makes an effort to enable that since it is a member of "The Technicians Commitment"[@techniciancommitment], an initiative to ensure recognition and career development of technicians, challenges similar to the ones faced by RSEs.
```

> The university makes an effort to enable that since it is a member of " The Technicians Commitment"[@techniciancommitment], an initiative to ensure recognition and career development of technicians.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The university makes an effort to enable that since it is a member of "The Technicians Commitment"[@techniciancommitment], an initiative to ensure recognition and career development of technicians.
```

> The university makes an effort to enable that since it is a member of "The Technicians Commitment"[@techniciancommitment], an initiative to ensure recognition and career development of technicians, challenges similar to the ones faced by RSEs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The university makes an effort to enable that since it is a member of "The Technicians Commitment"[@techniciancommitment], an initiative to ensure recognition and career development of technicians, who face similar challenges to RSEs.
```
